Yes, that should do.
I suppose I'm not bad.
How unexpected... I didn't expect to take up arms myself.
My skills may have dulled with age, but I won't be outdone by these youngsters.
Well...this one looks quite powerful.
Well, well...an Abnormal...
That smoke signal is a distress call.
I'm not optimistic about their predicament.
You appear to have saved me. Allow me to thank you.
You really saved me.
Well done, [0:HERO_FAMN], you managed not to die.
Thank you, [0:HERO_FSTN]. I'm glad it was you and not some other soldier who came to my aid.
You are truly trustworthy, [0:HERO_FSTN]. I'd be dead by now if it weren't for you.
I just happened to be in the right place at the right time.
What are you talking about? It was nothing.
Sorry to trouble you, Pyxis.
I'm sorry, Erwin, I know you've got your own matters to attend to.
Well done, Nile. Keep up the good work.
You're more serious than I thought, Levi, coming to help me like this.
I should've known the Military Police would notice my distress and be first to respond.
My thoughts exactly, Pyxis. There are still many things left for us to do.
No problem, Erwin. We can't afford to lose you now.
No need for words of gratitude, Nile. I just want you to do your job.
No need to be humble. We're no different in the eyes of a Titan, after all.

You're a fine soldier. I expect great things from you.
You truly have outstanding skill. I cannot fault you.
Impressive... You're very dependable, [0:HERO_FAMN].
That's the spirit, [0:HERO_FSTN]. Keep it up and continue with your duties. 
[0:HERO_FSTN], you hold the key to this fight.
You're really pushing yourself, Pyxis. But I won't let another old man outdo me!
Your outstanding performance is worthy of the title of Scout Regiment Commander.
Just as I'd expect from a commander of the Military Police Regiment. You're the only man of your kind.
Levi, you leave only the bodies of Titans in your wake.
The Military Police Regiment doesn't see much fighting, and yet you're doing a wonderful job.
I didn't think you would be capable of felling such a Titan.
How could anyone survive an encounter with such a Titan unscathed?
It's very impressive what you did there, [0:HERO_FAMN].
[0:HERO_FSTN]... There's no denying that your power is the real deal.
Wonderful, [0:HERO_FSTN]! I knew you could do it.
Could someone assist me?
I could use a bit of assistance here.
What? Must I come to the rescue?
I'll offer my help if you need it.
Ugh...so this is...the end?
Is it too late...to ask for help?
I'd like to help if I can...
I hope I'm not too late to help...
Is there a problem?
Is something the matter?
Everything's all right. Continue on with your duties.
Nothing's the matter at all.
I'll leave the rest to everyone else... I must take my leave.
This is all I can do. I have to retreat.
Back on the battlefield once again...
I'm here. Someone update me on our progress!
All units, engage!
The normal rules don't apply here. This fight is different... Is that clear?
This fight is going to be tough, but we can't afford to lose. Prepare yourselves, everyone.
Our priority is on rescuing our comrades. We need to make it fast.
We can't let them escape. We must keep chasing now matter how far we have to go.
We must fight to the death... We can't let the Titans break our defenses.
Inform all troops...to retreat as quickly as possible.
We must put our hearts into this if we wish to achieve real victory!
There's no time... We must make great haste to achieve our goals.
Very well.
Understood.
It seems we are victorious. Congratulations, ladies and gentlemen.
We managed to keep this area safe.
Our retreat was successful.
We may not have lost, but we have little to celebrate.
At last... Humanity has triumphed over the Titans!
Our mission didn't succeed... This fight was for nothing.
I shouldn't have pushed myself so hard at my age...
The tide is turning in our favor.
Ergh... Things aren't looking good for us.
Time to start the mission.
I will move forward.
I will protect my comrades.
I will save my comrades.
I will bolster our defenses.
I will team up with my comrades.
Head to the front.
Have your comrades been given support?
Save your comrades.
Shore up our defenses.
Mission accomplished.
It appears we've failed.
We have no alternative but to abandon the mission.
I am more than prepared to sacrifice myself!
This fighting is useless...
...I lived my life in such a way as to carry out my dreams.
I make my decisions based on one thing...whether it will help or hurt humanity.
Ignoring the will of the people creates new threats in addition to the Titans.
Even I have had numerous plans go awry.
We must protect the peace within the Wall.
