I'm not bad if i say so myself.
How far are you gonna push this old body of mine?
I wouldn't mind all the fighting if it was against a stunningly beautiful Titan.
Phew! Never thought I'd find myself fighting one of those things at this age...
We can't afford to slack off here.
Look out, it's an Abnormal!
They seem to be in a tough spot.
Whatever happens, we will not abandon them.
I knew you had it in you.
I wasn't expecting you to help me...!
[0:HERO_FAMN], I'm glad you're here.
I have to pay you back for this, [0:HERO_FSTN]. Let me know what I can do.
I thought this was the end for me, but thankfully I've got friends like you, [0:HERO_FSTN].
Oh, no need to thank me.
Well, this is my job after all.
Looks like I escaped death once again, Zachary. Neither of us is going to die easy, are we?
Thanks. You elites are just the hope that the Garrison Regiment needs.
You're quick to notice when a friend's in danger... I admire that.
You saved me! You may not fight on the front lines anymore, but you've still got what it takes!

You can't die yet, Zachary. Aren't there still things you'd like to do?
Oh, I just thought I spotted a stunningly beautiful female Titan. But I guess I was mistaken...
I'm just lucky an old man like me was able to help an elite soldier like you, Rico.
Don't worry, Mitabi, even elite soldiers have their bad days.
You could avoid this if you were a little more brave on the battlefield, Kits.
Excellent! I expect great things from you.
Good show!
That was fast, [0:HERO_FAMN]... Hard to believe you're new to this.
You're just getting started, aren't you, [0:HERO_FSTN]? If I can be of use then tell me what to do.
You're not just talented, [0:HERO_FSTN]. You're an elite among elites, worthy of being entrusted with the fate of humanity.
You know how it is with alcohol... Win or lose, we're still gonna drink. So I'll leave the decision-making to you.
You're as sensitive as a baby deer, but you're putting that to good use and eliminating any risks as soon as you can.
You're an elite among elites, exactly what the Garrison Regiment prides itself on.
Yes, that's how we do it in the Garrison Regiment! From the veterans to our slightly less seasoned soldiers, we're all top notch!
Wonderful! Maybe it was too soon to retire from the Scout Regiment after all!
You got more guts than I expected, taking down something like that.
I'm utterly speechless that you took down such a Titan.
I don't know if that was just a fluke, [0:HERO_FAMN], but you certainly got the job done.
[0:HERO_FSTN], it's a tremendous help to have a soldier like you around to take down powerful foes.
[0:HERO_FSTN], all these Titans are just fish in a barrel for you, am I right?
Give me some help!
I need backup.
Got it, I'm on my way.
Looks like you could use some help.
We're losing soldiers left and right...
Where are more soldiers when you need them...?
Hang in there just a little more!
Don't die now... I hope I make it in time.
Are you hurt?
Looks like you're safe.
Good to see you're doing so well...hahaha.
I'm feeling ready for action.
I'll leave the rest to you...
That's all the fighting I can handle for now.
I'm glad I made it in time.
Things are so bad that even I have to head out to the front?
Let battle commence! All units, advance!
I hate losing, especially in a battle like this.
You can't give up when the going gets tough. Keep fighting as long as you've got life in you!
Focus on rescuing our comrades!
If we chase the Titans now and crush them completely, we won't have to worry about a counterattack later.
We can't let them get past us.
Ladies and Gentlemen, you've got one job: stay alive and run!
This battle determines whether humanity will live or die! Do this for your friends and family, for the ones you love!
We have to hurry... I just hope my old body can make it.
I'm not stopping yet.
Looks like you can still use help from an old man like me.
Thanks to all of your hard work, mankind has hope for tomorrow.
Great job, everyone! Our defensive efforts worked!
Those Titans are going to regret letting us get away.
How many men had to die to buy us this victory...
This is a victory for humanity! All drinks are on me tonight!
We failed... Retreat, everyone!
So this is...the end...
You're all doing a great job.
So all those deaths were for nothing...
Perfect, start the mission!
We should advance.
I've got you covered.
I have to help no matter what it takes.
Our duty here is to provide protection.
Let's work together.
Engage!
Provide support!
Rescue is our top priority!
Stop the Titans in their tracks! They must not be allowed to pass!
What a resounding success.
Mission failed... This is my responsibility.
We have no choice but to abandon the operation.
Don't give in to fear of the Titans! You'll never be able to beat them!
What am I doing? Did I let all those men die for nothing...?
Unlike Erwin, I don't like to gamble. Our focus here should be on preventing the loss of human life.
Titans... I'll do anything to beat those lumbering blockheads.
All that drinking yesterday finally wore off.
I wouldn't mind being eaten by a Titan if she happened to be a stunning beauty.
If humanity can survive as a result of my actions, I'll accept being branded a mass murderer.
