All monsters should be destroyed!
Spotted us, did you? You enemies of humanity!
There... I eliminated our enemies! On with your duties, everyone!
I d-did it... I brought down that monster with my own hands!
Ugh... I don't care how strong our foes are, we can't turn our backs on a fight!
What...? An Abnormal?! Destroy it at once!
Why such a struggle over those paltry Titans?
That smoke signal means they're in serious trouble! What the hell is going on over there?!
Thanks! But come quicker next time.
I didn't expect you to come this far just to help me...
Well played, [0:HERO_FAMN].
You've come to be quite promising, [0:HERO_FSTN]
You've saved me again, [0:HERO_FSTN]. I shall recommend you as an elite member of the Garrison Regiment.
No need for gratitude, just keep fighting!
I only did what was expected of me as a soldier.
Elite soldiers truly are talented. Thanks for the help.
Well done... On the off-chance I die, I entrust my troops to you.
Commander Pyxis...! I appreciate the help, but you needn't put your life on the line for me...
Wh-what are you doing, Jaeger? Trying to get on my good side, is that it?
Th-thank you... May you keep up the good work, for all of humanity.
Y-yes, sir...but you shouldn't be putting yourself in harm's way like this.
What are you blabbering about? If you've got time to be "touched" then quit lollygagging and get back to work!



Now onto the next task! There's no time to slow down!
You never cease to amaze me.
Onwards to the next enemy! You can do it, [0:HERO_FAMN]!
Very well done, [0:HERO_FSTN]! I'll remember your performance today!
Keep that attitude and take down all the Titans! If anyone can do it, you can, [0:HERO_FSTN]!
Ian Dietrich! You're what the Garrison Regiment prides itself on, an elite among elites!
Rico Brzenska! You're exactly the type of soldier people mean when they say "elite"!
Mitabi Jarnach! You are what makes the elites of the Garrison Regiment elite!
Commander Pyxis! You're performing excellently, but please keep yourself out of harm's way!
Jaeger! So you're on humanity's side after all!
How could anyone kill a Titan like that? Astounding!
You wouldn't find me risking my life like that if I held that rank.
[0:HERO_FAMN], a newcomer like you just beat that Titan...?
Well done, [0:HERO_FSTN]! There aren't many soldiers of your caliber!
[0:HERO_FSTN], your power is indispensable to the future of humanity!
Hey, someone! Get over here, quick!
I'm s-sorry to say this, but I need backup!
You're pitiful! Hold on, I'm coming!
M-me...? I'll be there right away!
I did this for humanity... I have no regrets...
I've always been prepared...to give my life...!
Hey, you can't just die like that!
Hang in there! Just a little longer!
There, all better.
Are you feeling alright?
I'm fine, completely fine! Of course I am!
No problems here!
I'm injured... So there's nothing wrong with retreating!
This is a strategic withdrawal!
I can't turn my back on a fight like this...!
Those monsters will be stopped dead in their tracks now that I'm here!
Make sure to follow regulations as you fight, soldiers!
Blast them with artillery!
Don't be a coward! Anyone who runs away will be killed as a traitor!
Take out any Titans you can along the way, but remember that our top priority is rescue!
Every threat must be eliminated! Don't let them escape!
Strengthen your defenses! We can't let the Titans advance!
Retreat! Don't let those monsters catch us!
This fight determines whether humanity wins! Attaaaaack!
We can't afford to waste any time! Hurry!
We must always adhere to the rules, no matter the situation.
Leave it to me.
Mission complete... We win!
All threats have been removed... My duty is fulfilled.
Retreat successful... Good job, everyone.
Can we really call this a success?
Humanity wins... We accomplished our mission!
The mission was a disaster... How could I fail in my duties so completely...?
So this is where...my life ends...
We've got the upper hand! Don't stop now!
What are you doing?! We have to fight back!
Let's get the mission started!
Onwards... I must go onwards!
I will offer my protection!
I'm coming in for the rescue!
I will shore up our defenses!
I'll team up!
Advance! Don't break formation!
What are you doing? Give them some support!
Saving our comrades is our number one priority!
The Titans are coming! Tighten your defenses!
Mission accomplished!
Mission failed?! No way.
Aborting mission.
Every threat to humanity must be eliminated, without exception!
What am I supposed to do now...?
This is all is to keep our people safe...to keep humanity safe...
As long as we adhere to the rules, my judgment will not falter...
If Titans can transform into humans, then who can we really trust...?
Anyone who disobeys the rules will be punished. That's what it means to be a soldier. 
Don't let your guard down! We still don't fully understand Titan behavior!
